Right, so agenda of the first meeting. Where we We have twenty five minutes for this meeting. We are to get acquainted. So does everyone want to say who they are?
I'm the Marketing Manager.
I'm the User Interface Designer.
I am the Industrial Designer.
And I'm Alastair. and I'm the project leader. so tool training. So does anyone have any thoughts as to the tool training that is required?
I'm not exactly sure what you mean by tool training.
Neither am I. So we have the project team, which is to basically to come up with a new remote control device. And our idea is to to make the new remote control device more user friendly than the previous one,. and to to be trendier, to be with it,. and therefore to to get a bigger market share and bigger audience. method of doing this is split up as you can see into the functional design, the conceptional design, and the detailed design. in each of these phases we'll basically be handing over to yourselves, the designers of this this device. And having meetings so that we can during the course of the day come up with a better better inst implement than we had before. So we've got tool training. Try out whiteboard. Right so everyone's to supposedly draw their favourite animal over on the white board over there. I guess this is make sure the whiteboard works. Do you wish to go Have a first bash at whatever.
I think that I would have to say that my favourite animal is the cat.
And I like my animal that looks nothing like a bear because I dunno maybe because there's so many cartoon characters made up after the bear
I'm gonna go for the dog,
So what my daughters have got at the moment is they've got a few fish. and so hopefully won't prove too difficult to draw. Work has been done on this project where by twenty five Euros is the expected selling price. So we're looking to sell internationally, not just in Europe. We're looking at having our production costs limited to twelve and an half Euro per unit. And therefore making a profit margin of well not actually a profit margin it's because obviously you're gonna have overheads and various other costs to take from from that to give you your profit margin per unit. And so depending what the the overhead costs are will determine how many units we're looking to sell or projecting to sell at this point in time. Experience with remote control, first ideas. New remote. So I guess we're looking at having a discussion at this point in time. So any any thoughts?
I with some remote controls the buttons were a little small. so maybe we make something with easy to press buttons.
Okay, so so basically we're looking for some we're looking for a device that is robust. and and therefore won't get damaged too easily.
Sort of easy to use so the buttons are accessible.
Is this just a television remote? Because a lot of systems are kind of TV video combined now,. or TV DVD combined. And one of the most annoying things is having like five remotes in the house. So if you've got a combined system, it could be a combined remote. Or is it just a television that we're supposed to be doing?
Basically I'll get back to you on that. 'cause as you rightly said, there's nothing more annoying than having three or four devices littered about the about the room. So a device for for all remotes.
One of the things we found from the market research is that people often get confused by the number of buttons on them as well. And sometimes they sort of remote controls defeat their own purpose. because you're sat in the chair and the remote is somewhere else in the room. we need to sort of maybe think about how we could maybe develop a remote control which moves around the room.
Comes to your whistle.
That's that's maybe something for the future when you can talk to your television, but
You can't have both the th the one device and then have few buttons on it to. 'cause you want you want simplicity as well,. Whilst at the same time you want, as you rightly said, one remote for all. And so these are probably mutually exclusive options. you could argue that experience of using devices and similar devices as people get more and more used to using remotes,
Maybe we could have better instructions with the remote.
I mean we've done some research about sort of you know what the cutting edge sort of hand held devices are,. So it's possible that we could devise a system where where you're you're basically sort of holding a a miniature computer which is controlling all your your sort of your television, your stereo,
Next meeting in thirty minutes. Okay, so we've got the working design for ID. For UID the technical functions design. Marketing, the user requirement specification. Specific instructions will be sent to you by your person by your personal coach. And I guess I'll try and write up some minutes of this meeting to to give it to you for the next meeting.
I'm not exactly clear on what we're designing the rem remote for. Is this a mun multi-functional one
I think you just said at the start it was a television remote control,. so maybe we should just stick to that unless we get told otherwise.
'cause during during the course of our day we might make decisions based on information or meetings that would change where we're going. But at this point in time I think you're right that shall we make it just a TV.